✨(feature) add live sessions for standalone site (#2126)
openfun/marsha: docs/live_sessions.md

# Live sessions

Marsha provides a way to track student activity during a live. 
It is done by creating a "live session" when the student starts watching the live 
or registers to it.

It slowly evolved to become a way to store the student attendance to a live and extract 
an "attendance sheet" (a report telling who watched the live) for the instructor.

The "live session" also stores the "display name" of the student which is displayed
in the attendance sheet and the chat. The attendance sheet displays the student's display name and username.

For the public lives, the "live session" can be defined as anonymous because the student
is not required to be logged in to watch the live. In this case, the session has an `anonymous_id`

> and the authentication is made through a ResourceToken (ie LTI like) regardless of the context (LTI or standalone).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and the authentication is made through a ResourceToken (ie LTI like) or a UserToken (standalone).
```
The context matter ! on the standalone site you will never had a `ResourceToken`.

## Live session model

The live session model can be either:

- anonymous: the student is not required to be logged in to watch the live. 

>   In this case, the session has an `anonymous_id`.

Reviewer: To avoid confusion with a real session, I suggest to always use `live session`.
